website: Update the contributing.md for GitHub (#65)
gem5/new-website: _pages/contributing.md

However, we recommend that pull-requests are kept small and focused.
For example, if you wish to add a different feature or fix a different bug, we recommend doing so in another pull requests.

## Pushing and creating a pull request

Once you have completed your changes locally, you can push to your forked gem5 repository.
Assuming the branch we are working on is `new-feature`:

```sh
git push --set-upstream origin test-feature
```

Now, via the GitHub web interface, you can [create a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) of your changes from your forked repository's branch into the gem5 `develop` branch.

## Passing the checks

Once you have created a pull request, the gem5 Continuous Integration (CI) tests will run.
These run a series of checks to ensure your changes are valid.
These must pass before your changes can be merged into the gem5 `develop` branch.

In addition to the CI tests, your changes will be reviewed by the gem5 community.
Your pull-request must have the approval of at least one community member prior to being merged.

> Once your pull-request has passed all the CI tests and has been approved by at least one community member, it will be merged a gem5 Project Maintainer will do a [Squash and Merge](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/squash_and_merge.html) on the pull-request.

Reviewer: Wrong link :)

```suggestion
Once your pull-request has passed all the CI tests and has been approved by at least one community member, it will be merged a gem5 Project Maintainer will do a [Squash and Merge](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/about-pull-request-merges#squash-and-merge-your-commits) on the pull-request.
```
